catch22_DN_HistogramMode_5                          DN_HistogramMode_5                          distribution,location
catch22_DN_HistogramMode_10                         DN_HistogramMode_10                         distribution,location
catch22_DN_OutlierInclude_p_001_mdrmd               DN_OutlierInclude_p_001_mdrmd	            distribution,outliers
catch22_DN_OutlierInclude_n_001_mdrmd               DN_OutlierInclude_n_001_mdrmd	            distribution,outliers
catch22_CO_f1ecac                                   first1e_acf_tau                             correlation,timescale
catch22_CO_FirstMin_ac                              firstMin_acf                                correlation,timescale
catch22_SP_Summaries_welch_rect_area_5_1            SP_Summaries_welch_rect_area_5_1            FourierSpectrum
catch22_SP_Summaries_welch_rect_centroid            SP_Summaries_welch_rect_centroid            FourierSpectrum
catch22_FC_LocalSimple_mean3_stderr                 FC_LocalSimple_mean3_stderr	                forecasting
catch22_FC_LocalSimple_mean1_tauresrat              FC_LocalSimple_mean1_tauresrat	            forecasting
catch22_MD_hrv_classic_pnn40                        MD_hrv_classic_pnn40                        medical
catch22_SB_BinaryStats_mean_longstretch1            SB_BinaryStats_mean_longstretch1            distribution,stationarity
catch22_SB_BinaryStats_diff_longstretch0            SB_BinaryStats_diff_longstretch0	        distribution,stationarity
catch22_SB_MotifThree_quantile_hh                   SB_MotifThree_quantile_hh	                symbolic,motifs
catch22_CO_HistogramAMI_even_2_5                    CO_HistogramAMI_even_2_5                    information,correlation,AMI
catch22_CO_trev_1_num                               CO_trev_1_num                               correlation,nonlinear
catch22_IN_AutoMutualInfoStats_40_gaussian_fmmi     IN_AutoMutualInfoStats_40_gaussian_fmmi     information,correlation,AMI
catch22_SB_TransitionMatrix_3ac_sumdiagcov          SB_TransitionMatrix_3ac_sumdiagcov          symbolic,transitionmat
catch22_PD_PeriodicityWang_th0_01                   PD_PeriodicityWang_th0.01                   periodicity,spline
catch22_CO_Embed2_Dist_tau_d_expfit_meandiff        CO_Embed2_Dist_tau_d_expfit_meandiff	    correlation,embedding
catch22_SC_FluctAnal_2_rsrangefit_50_1_logi_prop_r1 SC_FluctAnal_2_rsrangefit_50_1_logi_prop_r1	scaling
catch22_SC_FluctAnal_2_dfa_50_1_2_logi_prop_r1      SC_FluctAnal_2_dfa_50_1_2_logi_prop_r1	    scaling
